With this lesson, you've learned quite a bit about deploying
machine learning models within cloud environments. Great job.
You initially learned that cloud computing can be simply thought
of as transforming an IT product into a service.
With our vacation photos example,
we transformed storing our photos on an IT product,
the flash drive, into storing them on a service like Google Drive.
Ultimately our vacation photos will be stored in
a Google data center instead of on our own device.
While this provides benefits,
like easy access and shareability of our photos,
using the cloud service also carries security and privacy risks.
You've learned how the machine learning workflow is used to build,
train, evaluate and deploy models to a production environment.
You discovered deployment is
a critical part of the machine learning workflow in the workplace.
You understand that deployment is simply making your model
available for predictions through a software or web application.
You also learned about the characteristics of
deployment and the technologies that are used for deployment.
In the next lessons,
you'll see how to implement these concepts you've
learned to deploy your own machine learning models.